---
layout: post
title: Resume
date: 2022-09-12 12:18 +0800
last_modified_at: 2022-09-12 15:00:00 +0800
tags: [Me]
toc:  true
---

# Fu Qian Bao
- Objective: Java Web Developer.
- TEL: 17615139509
- Education: Shenyang Ligong University

## Skill

- Backend：Java8，SpringBoot，SpringCloud，Mybatis，Mysql，redis，mq，Netty
- Frontend：Vue、ElementUI、js.
- Tools：IDEA，Maven，git
- Language: English(CET4), Japanese(N3)
- Learn about: data structure algorithms, computer networking, crawlers, JVM.

## Work Experience
#### DaLian Kungeek（2020.09 - 2021.04 ）

Responsible for API iteration development of financial tax system. 

Responsible for interfacing with customers and providing API SDK. 

Development of whitelist function.

#### FuBao Network（2021.04 - 2021.09 ）

Job: Java Back-end Developer (also develop web page with Vue.js). 

Responsible for the development of the station notification module of the information monitoring platform. 

Functional iteration of the work order system. 

Some query list page development.

#### IBM MetLife（2021.11～Now）

Job: Application Developer.

Responsible for the maintenance of insurance systems and helping customers with system related issues. 

Responsible for the extraction of data.

Responsible for veracode bug fixes.

Familiar with Java crawler, understand BambooCICD.

## Self-introduction

Easy-going and congenial, with a strong sense of responsibility and good team-spirit. 

Dynamic and honest.Ability to work independently，mature and resourceful.Strong learning ability.
